[extension/encoding/jsonlogencoding] add new extension for JSON codec (#27484)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: extension/encoding/jsonlogencodingextension/README.md

| ------------- |-----------|
| Stability     | [development]  |
| Distributions | [] |
| Issues        | [![Open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib?query=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3Aextension%2Fjsonlogencoding%20&label=open&color=orange&logo=opentelemetry)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aextension%2Fjsonlogencoding) [![Closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-search/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib?query=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aclosed%20label%3Aextension%2Fjsonlogencoding%20&label=closed&color=blue&logo=opentelemetry)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/issues?q=is%3Aclosed+is%3Aissue+label%3Aextension%2Fjsonlogencoding) |
| [Code Owners](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#becoming-a-code-owner)    | [@VihasMakwana](https://www.github.com/VihasMakwana), [@atoulme](https://www.github.com/atoulme) |

[development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#development
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

> The `jsonlog` encoding extention is used to marshal/unmarshal JSON log body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `jsonlog` encoding extension is used to marshal/unmarshal JSON log body, ignoring other log fields.
```
